Adding errored state endpoint docs (#427)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/applies.mdx

  }
}
```

## Recover a failed state upload

> `GET /applies/:id/errored-state`

Author: I don't think the nesting is necessary. In general the API, being a JSON:API flavored structure, favors less nesting on the API endpoints, opting for wholly separate top-level objects instead. These errored states are a type of exception because they aren't represented like a true StateVersion is - the errored state is never parsed and doesn't require a dedicated record in the database to represent it. It's just an object in our backend storage that we're providing the user access to.

| Parameter | Description                               |
| --------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| `id`      | The ID of the apply to recover state for. |

> It is possible that during the course of a Run, Terraform may fail to upload a
> state file. This can happen for a variety of reasons, but should be an
> exceptionally rare occurance. Terraform Cloud Agent versions greater than 1.12.0
> include a fallback mechanism which attempts to upload the state directly to
> Terraform Cloud's backend storage system in these cases. This endpoint then
> makes the raw data from these failed uploads available to users who are
> authorized to read the state contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible that during the course of a Run, Terraform may fail to upload a
state file. This endpoint makes the raw data from these failed uploads available to users who are
authorized to read the state contents. These errors can happen for a variety of reasons, but should be an
exceptionally rare occurrence. Terraform Cloud Agent versions greater than 1.12.0
include a fallback mechanism which attempts to upload the state directly to
Terraform Cloud's backend storage system in these cases. 
```

Author: I found this a bit harder to read personally, because it switches from talking about the condition (Terraform failing to upload a state file) to talking about the endpoint, and then back again.
